{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# Project 2 - Wordle Pt. 2\
\
Submitted by: Antwon Walls\
\
Wordle Pt. 2 is an app that extends from the previous Wordle app, with a sleeker look. The user now has options to change 
\f1\b settings
\f0\b0  and a 
\f1\b stretch feature. 
\f0\b0 In the setting, the user can change the number of letters in the word goal, change the word theme, and make the theme harder by turning on 
\f1\b Alien Wordle
\f0\b0  mode. With Alien Wordle, every time you guess the wrong word, the word resets. In the stretch feature, the user now has the ability to 
\f1\b reset
\f0\b0  the game with the current settings.\
\
Time spent: 2 hours spent in total\
\
## Required Features\
\
The following **required** functionality is completed:\
\
- [x] User can change the number of letters per row (the length of the goal word)\
- [x] User can change the numbers of rows on the board (how many guesses allowed)\
- [x] User can select a new themed set to pull the goal word from\
- [x] User can select "alien wordle", causing the goal word to change after each guess\
\
The following **optional** features are implemented:\
\
- [x] App displays a reset button on the top left to reset the game (but make no changes to the settings)\
\
## Video Walkthrough\
\
Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. \
\
[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZQlnO_lktk) .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pL1Zq2i-hFU) \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
## Notes\
\
I had issues with Exercise 4 and Exercise 3. I didn\'92t know how to properly implement the theme settings and for Exercise 4 I couldn\'92t get my alienWordle function to work. I asked some CodePath members and was able to solve my issues. Learned that the tiniest things that you wouldn\'92t think cause an error actually do. \
\
## License\
\
    Copyright [2024] [Antwon Walls]\
\
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
    You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\
    limitations under the License.\
}